comment
You have a thank-less task HSBC.  It doesn’t matter what you do to help warn people about the very real risk of fraudsters, there will always be people that chose to disregard this important message and instead voice their views on their personal views and frustrations about HSBC.  
So far I have wasted best part of four hours of my life trying to get through to business support just to order a new security device. You are truly and utterly crap!
I am suspicious of you not picking up your mortgage overpayment phone line to keep charging me your crazy interest rates!! 15 minutes waiting and counting! You are supposed to be a major bank you can do better than that!
Hsbc are terrible with fraud, they have sent me 3 cards and still letting the same fraudulent transaction go through every month, they are a complete joke would highly recommend using a different bank, the customer service level its appalling telling me I have to keep calling them back, the phone line they have breaks up every 5 seconds, joke of a bank that needs to get with the times
Is anyone going to bother to reply to me!! You have refunded the WRONG credit card after waiting over 14 weeks! Will someone please refund the correct credit card and get back to me with how long it will take until the money will be back into my account. You are the WORST bank going and have done nothing to help me. I am not wasting anymore hours trying to call you when you never call me back as promised! Ridiculous! I expect a response TODAY!
trying to open childs account online as we already hold an account with HSBC. The system wont let you. get to the first page and put inmy childs details and then cant get any further. just blank screen. this happens on a tablet, home Pc and work pc all the same problem. Please advise when this will be fixed. 
Your business needs to be regulated.  You are also a f up mess with Safeguard, it is one of the most stressful things anyone can go through with your bank.  We have moved our entire banking to Starling bank.  Had enough of you HSBC, we will also refuse to pay back the Government backed loan, that is your problem, we refuse to give you any of that back due to the stress and chaos of dealing with your business.  So thank you for the free Government backed loan, that is now your proble. Perhaps instead of dictating to your customers with your terribly executed Safeguard, perhaps you might want to work on making your services more user-friendly.  Also can you please stop blaming Covid for you not answering your phones.  You have always been slow with answering your phones, so why the lies?.  You are a terrible bank, a relic of a past that is going to catch up with you soon.  
I have called you twice now within the last 30mins trying to sort a query on an urgent payment I've made and twice you've cut me off. This last time I asked to be called bk and gave my number if this happened and you've not
I've just had text saying I added payee I don't even bank with you
Very nice of you to care so much. What a shame your customer service is so useless. Always passing the buck and always refering you back to the telephone rather than on line chat. Disgusting attitude to genuine concerns. Still waiting for a letter sent 3 weeks ago and reminded you but STILL no letter or answer fro. Customer. care. You have even paid money into my account yet wont tell me why it break down the details. So  So shoddy and uncaring
Hi I need some assistance please I've sent a direct message can someone please help me
shocking service all round from these clowns, impossible to get hold of .
They card take long to be opne
HSBC telephone banking service indian call centre staff as much help as a pea nut going to the financial ombudsman service.
I literally just got a text message from someone claiming to be you guys.
Try replying to your business customers
Amateurs at their best!!
Biggest fraudsters are HSBC, absolute nightmare to deal with, can't wait to leave, and even that's been fraught with hassle!!
i have been on hold for 1hr 45 mins and need to speak to somebody
You are seriously the worst bank when it comes to customer service!! Can someone contact me ASAP?
Locked out of internet banking and the only way to unlock it is to call you on a number that is incredibly busy! Move with the times and have more options.
"Be overly suspicious. Block your customers transaction as fraudulent (it wasn’t) and then hold the money in pending for days. Completely ignore the customer and hang up on them. Or simply just keep transferring and putting them customer on hold.

Maybe if you think a transaction is fraudulent you could talk to the customer rather than leave it up to the customer to sort out themselves afterwards?"
You were freezing my account because of all the fraud that was done on there and the lady at the bank said it would be put on hold and that I'd have to go into the bank to withdrawal money until my photo ID is sorted and I've just checked my online banking and 2 payments made online have come out. I was told my card would no longer be able to be used online.  All my money for my son's Xmas and birthday all gone!! I can't speak to anyone over the telephone because the automated service doesn't recognise my birthday and because that doesn't work no advisors will speak to me because I've failed security. Furious right now.
⚠️ They’re sending cheques for £25 now pretending to be HSBC. I received one yesterday, I put it in my profile this morning asking people to share to make others aware.  😞 
Absolutely no manners and not able to secure a bank account from fraud absolutely disgraceful 😡😡 going to FCA's
"I'm still in shock that i cannot see my online credit card transactions, I have to download as a CSV month by month!
Please fix this or i'll leave..."
Sent you a few IM's as per instructions from HSBC Premier.   Would appreciate it if you could read and respond.
you have taken away the savers card as the card was eaten by the cash machine, we had no notification that this service was ending and now have no access to money and cant buy food or pay bills, your customer service is non existant, cant get through on the phone lines, no live chat and cant get an appointment in any branch of HSBC, you have kept savings and we cant get them now.  Disgusting service from HSBC I will be contacting the CEO
You are lucky to have your credit card< I have been waiting for 5 months now on my approved credit card, and there is NO one you can phone and talk to, after an hour on the phone they just put you through to another department and you wait another hour ... oh yes I forgot to mention covid-19 is to blame, blame for all bad customer service.
Is anybody reading the messages on your messaging service, as im still waiting for an urgent reply.
I support a community group who have been trying to get their account verified  - local branch staff in Doncaster are useless, online chat are useless, phoning for hours at a time and not getting anywhere.  The group are missing out on £1000's of funding, they were affected by the floods in Doncaster in 2019 and are still trying to build their community, money from funding pots will go a long way to help but they cannot apply because they haven't got their account sorted!!!!
No reply to my complaint ombudsman here I come
The world's most useless bank
It’s will be better for HSBC not to look 👀 at new customers rather then searching for old customers who got account 💰 with HSBC and provide them proper service. Due to COVID-19 people are not able to send money to some body\company online.
Shittest bank ever.
Yes, we know you are corrupt and fraudsters HSBC, thank you for informing us.
Never known a bank to take forever to send bank transfers within the uk. Bank transfers should be instant but no i have to wait all day, i cant go shopping to.get my kids food because i sent money from my hsbc to another account and its not been recieved yet its a joke! 🤬
"Have tried to ring twice today and after waiting for over twenty minutes, both times the line has gone silent but still connected.

I was Just trying to get a telephone banking number sorted which is needed in order to register/use the app to activate a card.

It has to be the worst system in order to use an app/register a card I have ever come across.

Anyway I will never now use the card or activate it, wasted to much time already trying to sort it out, so can HSBC tell me how long before the/an inactive account is closed? "
I have been listening to hold music for business banking for 1hr 59 minutes. I assume your staff have all switched off their phones . #shambles
I have a community bank account  that has had fraudulent activity on. I have tried every day this week to contact you. You are NOT answering your calls.  Today’s was 2 hours 8 minutes and then I hung up. Yesterday’s was 56 minutes then you cancelled the connection. I am desperate for help. Another bank dealt with the same problem in two 20 minute phone calls. What can I do ....
Bit like BBLS. Applied for it back in may, rang 4 times to chase it, nothing. Cheers for the help after 10 years working for the bank and 25 years a customer 
Scam...? Really your bank is a Scam I have had money taken out of my account numerous times this last year unauthorised, and I get told that it can’t be refunded back into my account, this is ridiculous now beyond a joke every time I cancel and block my card then it happens again. Been with you guys 20+ years but you do nothing about this not even return my money that’s been taken... you should be ashamed of yourselves!!!
its getting harder to know who you are talking to at hsbc not able get through on phones, call backs are from overseas but say they are in uk ,scam ? dont know , sort yourselves out please. still on phone when i could be working.
Appalling Customer Services and systems
could not agree more - useless effers can't even answer the phone 53 minutes and waiting. Absolutely unacceptable
Hsbc how about you answer this question, I was furloughed in the first lock down so you kindly deferred my loan, the 3 month period finished so I had to start paying it again using my overdraft to cover the payments which I bank with you so you can see this, I didn't realise I could I of extended my defferal, so I applied only to be told no can't do that cause I've been paying my payments (note they are being payed with my overdraft which you can see as I bank with you), now lock down mk2 so guess what I try again only to be told the same thing, o thank you very much very understanding, well guess what the over 20 years of banking with you and my sons trust fund will be leaving your bank and likely going nationwide, but don't worry cause you will pay new customers £125 to come to you but wont help and existing loyal customer
Gave up after an hour. A complaint will be coming your way but not by telephone. You are utterly useless.
PLEASE STOP YOUR PHONE BANKING SERVICE - ITS USELESS- alSO CREDIT CARD SECURITY SYSTEM IS JUST NOT WORKING- IT CREATE MORE ISSUE-
Your bank is a joke. Take debit cards away from accounts and then you can't get your OWN money out. Will be taking this further
Scam is having your account blocked depsite giving you a travel notification then holding for the fraud department for 27 mins and getting cut off. I am in Australia and can't hold for that long for nothing as it is costing a fortune to call overseas. Not good enough as you have now left me with no access to my money. How am I supposed to live without money
Could someone tell the point of this feed if HSBC are not there for customers when they need them ?
Can't login into the app. Go to laptop to reset passwords. Answer the two security questions correctly then it says generate a new code... ON THE APP. So it's a circular problem. All I want for Christmas is a new bank!!!!
HSBC is one of the worst bank in the UK. I have a business account with you, there was a fraud transaction on my account, the card was blocked and call back was promised on weekend. No one called me yet. I keep calling the bank since yesterday morning, I am on the phone for 50+ minutes but no asnwer. It is absolutely unacceptable. Your customer service is huge zero. 😡
HSBC pretend to be good, but they do not care one sec for their customers. Simply no customer service to find at all
Your fraud department is exactly that...a fraud!
Still waiting for the fraud department to call me back after 4 days of waiting!
Can you get that useless automated piece of crap voice recognition sorted. It's useless
Trying to contact HSBC Business, been on hold for over an hour...  why do we pay them to have our money??
HSBC has for no reason just blocked me from my business account, fighting to save 200 jobs, but what do they care. The account has always been in credit, but what do they care...  If covid does not get us HSBC will...  what awful people...
"Worst service: two staff members that don’t have a clue about how to find a solution to a problem:

Staff ID numbers 45014422 and 43899840 
"
Calling you since July to solve my online security settings...and still not working. It's a joke. Definitely changing this bank asap
Absolutely fuming. Been sat on hold for almost 3 hours on your telephone lines just to be able to change my withdrawal limit. I will be registering a complaint and withdrawing my money forthwith.
Why r u blocking me from sending a instant payment to another bank account of mine until tomorrow saying transactions after 6pm r processed next day what a joke and before u say its standard with all accounts I was able to receive money from someone else after 6pm instantly into my account just u blocking my payments. What a bloody joke
"HSBC   
You did this to my Son.  Here is his letter to you.  

Dear HSBC, I am going to bank these cheques you have sent to buy my kids Christmas presents. 
However do not take this as my acceptance of your negligence when you were supposed to be dealing with this over 7 years ago.
Back then I was,
ILL (just had a mild stroke)
Was made redundant.
Living on a shoe string,
Lost my car, nearly lost my house. I ended up renting out my house and living with my mom in Devon and what did you do absolutely nothing and in fact you did worse you shut down all my accounts because I was awarded the PPI you had denied owing me after 2/3 years of fighting you. 
Do you no what it is like having bailiffs knocking at your door for something that wasn't your fault. 
Then 7 years later now I'm back on my feet you send me this guilt letter. 
How about you go into my credit file and readjust everything that you did and give me back 3 years of my life. Your bank disgusts me ."
"Business banking is bloody terrible. Cant pay staff or suppliers as I cant access my online banking..... spoken to them 5 times in last 1.5 days and still not resolved.
Call centre will cut you off if approaching end of their shift after holding for an hour and twenty minutes"
WHY HAVE U PUT MY BANK ACC UNDER REVIEW????
Well done I shall tell u because of your terrible banking issues and total lies from your staff u left my disabled son wit no medicine all weekend now shocked with all lies and errors. Well done hope your all happy now I have to wait till Monday to try to sort again !! What a joke bank. Over 10 h on phone last few days and lied to and cheated and u took money from my 78 year old father too for no reason, no one even got back to me after promise too! Wow just wow I shall continue untill u sort this out letter to ombudsman too and papers n mp. I even tryed to contact through here still no response ectjoke this is man!
"Had my card declined for security reasons, but can’t get through on the chat or phloneline, instead just sat on hold for hours on end!!! 
Great, when it’s the only card you have.😤🤬"
What a ridiculous bank HSBC is.  My husband tried to pay in some cash for my daughter, who is a key worker and was hard at work in the pharmacy.  The bank refused to take the cash because he is not the account holder & he does not have an HSBC account himself.  Unbelievable.
Is there any way to remove some of your over the top security requests? I just want to check my balance on the app - having to enter multiple codes is completely ridiculous.
Been on the phone almost 4 hours to report fraud! Can’t believe no one has answered! I will be changing all my accounts to Halifax! At least they answer urgent calls! 😡
Wished they spent more time answering phones than posting adverts as I've been on hold for hours on end as they say to call them regarding fraud on my account when I get through can't understand lady on the other end then they put phone down and another hour wasted on hold!!!!!
Have been on hold to HSBC since 10.00 am this morning.  Call cuts out after 4 hours of waiting so this is the third attempt today. Is anybody there ?
I bank with Santander, but opened a basic account as an executor account with HSBC at the branch where my dad banked. I have a secure key to log on, but every time I try to pay beneficiary's they stop the payment and suspend the account. I did talk with them over the phone, explained everything AND GUESS WHAT THEY SUSPENDED THE ACCOUNT AGAIN! Infuriating...this time told to go to the branch, which of course is closed. Would never had had this problem if I had put the money in my Santander account.
been on the phone over an hour trying to get through and now you have cut me off so i am going to withdraw all money from account and go to a bank that cares about its customers
"What’s the point.
It’ll be closed within 5 years.
HSBC is far too busy distancing itself from its customers. Pushing them away ... "
"Shame there's nobody in there to answer phone calls!
3 hours now trying to get through to anybody"
May I suggest that until you can operate your business contact center properly (or at all) you concentrate on the core business in hand.....................
WOW I'm so glad they can employ somebody to turn some lights on......... How about answering your phones? Or keeping you Online Chat actually online? Or answering e-mails? 45 minutes plus ever time you phone before anybody thinks about answering your call. And they take money out of your account before checking you still require the service that are charging you for. BUT it's all Covid's fault!!!! Muppets using lame excuses...
You can light up buildings and honour all sorts of groups, other than your own staff pensioners. Some State Pension Integration might be fair but your clawback isn't. Take back only 2% from the highest paid but 30% from the lowest! Typical greed from the senior management. See www.midlandclawbackcampaign.co.uk
@hsbc_uk I have had the worst banking experience of my life. After 16 years of banking with you, I will be closing all of my accounts on Monday. The way I’ve been treated by you is disgusting. I needed to transfer some money urgently and I’ve been made to wait till I can go into a branch on Monday. Why am I made to go into a branch in the middle of a pandemic. Why can’t you be diligent enough to do your checks online. I am so disappointed with your services. You have no issues taking my money but when it comes to taking it back from you, it becomes a war. People need to avoid this bank. I will be posting on all social media platforms. Disgusting behaviour! 
Tried all yesterday to speak to your Business Banking agents, kept on phone, absolutely ridiculous, why can you not open up like Santander on Saturdays, HSBC Bishops Stortford closed.  No phone service for business customers when they most need it.  Now considering taking all my accounts away both personal and business.
"Worst service: two staff members that don’t have a clue about how to find a solution to a problem:

Staff ID numbers 45014422 and 43899840 
"
Oh yes Lucy-Anne that is HSBC on it's best for you. I have never ever in my life seen bad service like they do it.
Stop bloodily virtue signalling and do something to help your customers FOR ONCE
Wow, looking at all of the dissatisfied customers in the below comments, I'm guessing that the original post didn't go the way they hoped. I for one wouldn't want to open an account with them.
Always nothing but problems HSBC I hope all these issues get solved but I also will make sure everyone knows that because of your mistakes even bank of Canada agree u have left a very sick boy at 10 with no medical care. This is serious guys still weeks of trying everything to sort my end and huge phone bills still no luck just lies! Guys this needs to stop hope your big boys at top all having nice weekend I am trying to keep my kid alive u jokes
I'm surprised you allowed them to transfer their own money from their own accounts, you won't let me
Is it possible you can answer telephones in less than 2hrs and actually help businesses that create your wealth ?
"Why no email address to contact you?  Particularly when you give advice like ""Following the government's guidance for people to only leave their home for essential travel, we're taking every step possible to protect our customers and colleagues during this time.

As a result, we'll no longer be able to receive post into our Commercial Centres. We ask instead, that you contact us via email, with scanned documents where applicable. Please email us from your work email address that we hold on file for your business, rather than your personal email address."
Ashleigh 😊
Any chance of an e mail address let's face it ! How can you have internet banking and no e-mail address for inquiries
"Please can you e mail me re a account set up for below Subject: Re i plan to raise money for a memorial site fund for Covid.
Hello please excuse my grammar / spelling i have a broken arm... i plan on creating a memorial  after  loosing my son 17 in a fire to raise money for a permanent site in the UK for a Memorial for all those who have lost a loved one due to Covid. I need help with ideas location name etc so we will never forget 2020 i have the time  i am today contacting as many press agencies media  outlets etc
Kind Regards
James Taylor
P.S As we know one man can  make a difference.

I have had some great ideas such as Reginal Memorials  "
Unbelievable. Whilst still waiting for HSBC to refund my holiday cancellation some 6 months later, and not able to get through on the phone, I've been told that they wont even investigate or deal with a complaint until they have reviewed the claim. No timescales given! Appalling service. Anyone else with the same problem?
"Worst service: two staff members that don’t have a clue about how to find a solution to a problem:

Staff ID numbers 45014422 and 43899840 
"
"May I ask, how do I contact HSBC Business banking?
I have waited on the phone for over an hour three times now, I have sent a message via your contact page and we have had a message chat that ended up with “I will get someone to call you” After four days I am still no further forward.
"
What about the disputes  service on line ,will this ever be  operational because i am getting nowhere with them, shocking service . 
I have tried to call twice reference suspicious activity on my mortgage account; on hold for over 30 minutes on the last call without answer. It's an absolute joke. I run a call centre for a prestigious car company. If I treated my customers like you do, I would expect to be fired.
Improvement on your app would be nice. Its shocking.
Call wait times are horrendous! Was on hold for over an hour today before giving up. Live chat has disappeared and my local branch is closed due to covid restrictions!
Need to really improve your call wait times! Hour and 15 mins waiting to speak to someone, how is that acceptable customer service?!
I am currently on hold to your telephone line. If someone does not pick up in the next 5 minutes, I will probably leave HSBC for good.
“Thank you for continuing to hold. All agents are still busy helping other customer. Your call is important to us. Please continue to hold, your call will be answered by the next available agent.” God only knows how many times I’ve heard this. 27 hours on hold and counting. 
When will you answer the calls . You’ve left a old man with no food after stopping his cards as he apparently was in the wrong account !! Shame on you. I’m taking to the local press
I was calling from abroad more than 25 minutes and didn’t receive an answer. The worst service ever I’ve had. Also they sent message to DM that they operating Saturday and Sunday. Actually, they don’t
I opened my first bank account in the late 80’s (midland bank) I’ve been a customer of HSBC from the (UK) beginning. Why won’t you answer my calls? You have spent time and money sending me letters that specifically ask to “call us urgently” yet you don’t answer! I’m closing in on 28 hours on hold and I can’t deal with the awful music anymore.
I haven’t been able to get on to the app for several days now, keep getting an error message.  I cannot access my account, tried logging in on line but asked to generate code on the app in order to do so so cannot log in this way either.  Come on HSBC, sort this out, I need to access my account!! 😡😡😡
No I didnt. Its impossible. appalling service!
"I’ve spent over 8 hours on hold today. After 2 hours and 18 mins someone picked up then cancelled the call. I called again and I’m sat here approaching 6 hours. 
In what way do you think this is acceptable? I have a letter stating that I need to call you urgently. Yet for the past 10 days I’ve spent over 40 hours on hold and I haven’t spoken to a single person from the team I’m trying to contact. 
JUST ANSWER THE PHONE
"
Sadly, I used to work for HSBC but the service is absolutely shocking. Probably the worst experience i have ever had with any Company. 6 months and no sign of my dispute being resolve, Everyone has learned to cope with the pandemic but no HSBC - disgusted
I’ve not been able to get onto it since Friday? Every time I click on the app it shuts off!
I'm locked out of my account
sent you a pm, what i've requested is needed ASAP sick of chasing tails to get you lot to do what's needed
I have been waiting for business banking 47minutes and still on hold terrible service
We are unable to access our business account, either by phone or online, and our local branch is closed. Have spent hours on hold and visited the branch twice. Please can someone contact me ASAP.
Could you remove spurious trackers and third party cookies while you're at it please. There is no place for this sort of thing in online banking.
I have sent you a PM, sick of waiting on the phones and getting no where. Its a disgrace that I can not get to my business money. 
Can you please explain WHY I have just got another email asking for a bank statement ?? I called the number you gave me 3 days ago cancelling my application !!!! I also asked for confirmation that it had been done. No confirmation just another stupid email ? PLEASE CONFIRM MY APPLICATION HAS BEEN CANCELLED ASAP  Sending as no reply to my message.
Can you please reply to my message?
"Been calling for over a week  every day ,get put on hold for 3 hours , then hung up on every time before I can even speak to sum1 😡😡 disgusting customer services
"
HSBC 38 comments and you have replied once! I'm not a customer of yours but I am frustrated on behalf of those that are!!!
Wonderful! Happy Diwali x
Hope HSBC will try to make more stories 💐 of all other Religious community also, HSBC UK Banking 💷 don’t depend on one religion. 
Probably the worst and slowest bank in the world 😪
Can you please reply to my message
Anjit Singh
This bank is useless they are so slow and tell you one thing then later on contradict themselves all the time
"Worst service: two staff members that don’t have a clue about how to find a solution to a problem:

Staff ID numbers 45014422 and 43899840 
"
Despite being a multi billion pound profit making organisation, they are still hiding behind Covid 19 as a reason for shocking service. The pandemic happened over 9 months ago - this is the new nom - sort it out!!
Can you please reply to my message
I am disgusted in the level of customer service from HSBC. I am a Director for a CIC who house homeless veterans and provide them with rehabilitation and mental health services. I have now been locked out of my business account almost three months. This has had a crippling effect on my service users and my company. I have provided all documents, spent hours on hold and been into branch. I will not be advocating HSBC as a business banking facility to anyone in the near future.
Thank you
"Worst service: two staff members that don’t have a clue about how to find a solution to a problem:

Staff ID numbers 45014422 and 43899840 
"
Thank you HSBC i dont get to eat tonight because you sent me a fraud alert when i was trying to order off deliveroo and said i should wait for a follow up text with instructions which never came! Went to online chat and your rep whos grammer was terrible could not even help as your fraud team are off for the night!
Karyn Blackman
"Worst service: two staff members that don’t have a clue about how to find a solution to a problem:

Staff ID numbers 45014422 and 43899840 
"
Well done both👏👏
Amazing Ash and Ian. 👏 👏 👏
Well done 👏🏻
Well done boys!👏👏👏
Da iawn chi 👏👏
Proud of you guys!
Brilliant! Da iawn chi 👏👏
Well done.
Da iawn hogia!! 😎👏🏻👏🏻 xx
Well done guys - amazing achievement 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Good job 👏
Gwych hogia!  👏👏
Da iawn chi xx
Brilliant x
Da iawn chi hogia👌👌
Well done
"Worst service: two staff members that don’t have a clue about how to find a solution to a problem:

Staff ID numbers 45014422 and 43899840 
"
Brilliant Roger and Tony! V proud of you both x x
Well done that’s brilliant x
Well done - saw you on the tellybox😂
Brilliant ! X
Brilliant!
"Worst service: two staff members that don’t have a clue about how to find a solution to a problem:

Staff ID numbers 45014422 and 43899840 
"
Ashleigh 😊
HSBC should know all about this. Mexico, Brazil... Biggest fraud in the UK is how HSBC treat 52,000 of their former Midland Bank staff pensioners. They  certainly didn't explain clawback and glibly told people they would get a 2/3 final salary pension. Lies! Now clawing back up to 30% from the lowest paid. Time to do the right thing HSBC and drop clawback. I doubt Ian Stuart, Noel Quinn or anybody in a senior post will ever read this and they certainly seem to only have their own best interests at heart. Interesting that the bank's pension trustees are contacting people to put themselves forward as a pension scheme trustee but have pointedly not contacted any of the clawback campaign committee.
London and Birmingham are the best place for scam criminals all over UK.
2 hours waiting to get through to you. You’ve left a old man with no food . You’ve stopped his card and he’s no money .
Your fraud team are a joke, when you get the trauma of somebody managing to spend almost £2,000 from your account and desperatley trying to speak to somebody you can actually understand and that can actually understand what you are trying to tell them after 90 minutes is crazy.. Then when it all finally sinks in you don't want to know as I managed to get my money back from the company the transactions were made too myself, even though the company has an address and a phone number of the person that did it, neither you or the Police are interested.. Totally bizarre
Ironic that HSBC warning people about scams when they scam customers of 30 years plus with rip off interest rates on personal borrowing despite current interest rates being their lowest ever. Rip off bank.
"Worst service: two staff members that don’t have a clue about how to find a solution to a problem:

Staff ID numbers 45014422 and 43899840 
"
This is good. I remember Midland School Banks from about 30 years ago. You could also have educated your staff about the clawback feature of their pensions, or at least the pensions of 52,000 of your staff. Clawing back up to 30% of the pension when SPA is reached. That is for the lowest paid; the highest paid may have only 2% clawed back! This affects women far worse than men and the lowest paid far worse than the higher paid. Unfair and immoral. See www.midlandclawbackcampaign.co.uk
Emma Clark
"Worst service: two staff members that don’t have a clue about how to find a solution to a problem:

Staff ID numbers 45014422 and 43899840 
"
"I worked at a school bank in Plymouth. Whilst I was looking after the boys at the local High School, I mistakenly thought that HSBC had my back and were taking care of me.
It would have been in my interest if Clawback has been fully explained to myself not forgetting 52000 others!
So here's the thing HSBC, whilst I was taking care of our customers, just exactly what were you doing for me. Well, let be remind you. You contracted me out of the second state pension. True, you saved me circa £6 per week, but now it is costing me £40 per week in retirement. Also somewhere along the way you might just have made sure that I was fully aware that my 2/3rd final salary pension included my state pension."
HSBC is an international bank so call centres can be based anywhere...... stay safe Philippine’s wishing everyone and their families well
Been on hold for 90 minutes and my calls have been cut off TWICE but useless colleagues manning these calls. HSBC have  blocked my online banking and are refusing me access to my money. OPEN AN ACCOUNT WITH MONZO!
Maybe this is a problem when customer services are overseas!!! We are relying on other country’s climates etc which then means we can’t contact our banks or shops customer services. Hope all in Manila are ok though
I wonder how many typhoons would be a problem if you based your customer services IN THE UNITED KINGDOM 🇬🇧 ?? 🙄
Is this why I’m now at 1 hour and 4 mins waiting to speak to someone in business banking this is absolutely disgusting, the charges I pay for a business account and this is the service you get
i am not happy as i  did a switch over for the 24th and not heard nothing and i did send a massage on facebook about it
Okay HSBC might not be the best bank in the country but they are a worldwide bank and when I lived in Canada for 5 years they helped me setup an account over there, so before you lot blast this post, just take a step back and think about the people who work out there in Manila and what it must be like for them right now, even with this Covid pandemic that has put us all into lockdown, these people and the call centres are doing their best in a bad situation, no matter if it’s a bank, your broadband provider, whoever they are working as best as they can, I used to work for a call centre and the amount of abuse that I’ve seen staff take it can have a negative effect on their mental health so give that some consideration please. 👊😊👊
"This post shouldn't be used for complaints at this time. The Philippines are going through a rough time. Their staff can't get into work.

Please consider those who have lost their lives in the typhoons and have a bit of respect. If you have a Complaint, use other channels. They won't be able to help on facebook because of data protection anyways.

#StaySafePhilippines"
If you had UK based customer service this wouldn't be a problem
Maybe this is why phones should be based in each country you operate in . So there's always someone from that country to answer calls.  Relying on a call centre in a far away place isn't always the best idea
Don’t use this bank they’re shocking
Get a contract in a UK call centre till you get the issue sorted
Awful bank. Only helpful when putting.money in!!!!taking it out they are totally deaf and u nhelpful.
Hope everybody is ok.
Thanks for the heads up and, please, tell your excellent support line staff, that we hope they and their families are safe.
Hi, I have been a victim of fraud today. I was on hold for 3 hours, 55 minutes before the line went dead. Could you reply on messenger urgently please 
2 and a half hours on hold 🥴☹️
Hong-Kong and Singapore Bank..... Put your call center back in the UK? 😂😂😂
I hope the staff in Manila are safe!
Lots of people in branches and call centres in uk working hard to help customers - tough times and we all feel it we can only do what we can do as can everyone
I hope that my colleagues in Manila are safe.
"Maybe put your call centres in the UK. I never used to believe the bloke I was talking to was really called “Michael” when he had such a shocking level of English. 
However, that aside HSBC wrote off a debt to them due to my disability and acted really really kindly and nicely with empathy and compassion, so I am impressed with them. "
Use English people and move your offices back to England. People are losing jobs
Stay safe our HSBC familia
Hope all my colleagues there are ok x
The nation will always be grateful to them for their service
Beautiful service, thank you
And yet you put up a poster that upsets and offends. Very poor taste 😠😡
I am a HSBC pensioner I had 33 years service .
Watch Netflix HSBC documentary - ethical? NOPE...
I would love to donate again this year. Unfortunately though HSBC has frozen my business account. They sent me a letter to say they would close the account last month and send me a cheque for the balance. Unfortunately for myself and my staff they have not kept to their word. I know this is a pointless post but just wanted to say they are certainly not all sweetness and light as they are trying to make out
Just had a 'safeguarding' call with HSBC, as I am trustee of a trust due to my son being disabled and unable to manage money. They last checked this account just 10 months ago. Apparently, there was a suspicious payment to 'SA Glasgow' which they wanted to investigate in regard to potential money laundering. I had to inform this idiot that 'SA Glasgow' is in fact 'HMRC Self Assessment', who are in Glasgow. It is Her Majesty's government, for goodness sake. This is just laughably incompetent. So instead of presenting yourself, HSBC, as caring citizens supporting Children in Need, how about ceasing to harass and intimidate people trying to support their disabled relatives for no reason whatsoever. 
"I post cats, and fitness related posts 👌😉
https://www.instagram.com/p/CHVYnurnlNt"
Your service is terrible I've been on hold for a total of 3 hours so far today just to reset my telephone password...
"the new different"? This use of an adjective as a noun is the latest newspeke type nonsense used as PR/spin.There is nothing 'different' about HSBC apart from they are one of the worst banks for ethical investments.Just look into their actions since the 2008 meltdown.Adverts NEVER mention that do they? Same old same old............
How can I speak to someone please. I've spent 13.5 hours on hold over 3 days with no answer.
Does the new different include treating your former Midland Bank staff fairly? 52,000 still suffering clawback, which, despite your claims, was not clearly and consistently communicated. Junior clerks with pensions of less than £10,000 having 30% of this pension clawed back, whilst only 2% clawed back from the highest paid. Unfair. Immoral. Yet legal. Time to do the right thing and actually apply your group standards. Remove clawback. See www.midlandclawbackcampaign.co.uk
I would love to donate again this year. Unfortunately though HSBC has frozen my business account. They sent me a letter to say they would close the account last month and send me a cheque for the balance. Unfortunately for myself and my staff they have not kept to their word. I know this is a pointless post but just wanted to say they are certainly not all sweetness and light as they are trying to make out
Absolutely crap bank
I shall have it put on your grave stone she died waitng
If you want new different you need to open new branches all over UK. Instead of different it’s now discrimination that’s going on UK banking system. Branches are closed in village and open in big cities
The parish Council issued a cheque for £3000 and it was refused. Can you explain why this happened?
Glad I'm not the only one. Need a settlement figure 90 mins yesterday over an hour today. No email addresses. Very ver poor service HSBC. I appreciate less staff available but this is the worst service I have ever experienced
Can you please hire more telephone answering staff. I'm trying to remortgage to save money, I can't do it online for some reason, so have to wait for someone to answer the phone. While waiting I've had a shower and had lunch but need to go back to work, so I really can't stay on hold much longer. Thank you. 
Hi HSBC when you apply online for a mortgage holiday extension do you receive some sort of email confirming receipt of your application? I’m only asking as I’ve received nothing and wanted to make sure that my application has been received.
Can someone, anyone just answer the phone. I have a business account, you have frozen the credit card for no reason, is embarrassing, I've been on hold for 40 mins... This is beyond stupid 
I would love to donate again this year to Children in Need. Unfortunately though HSBC has frozen my business account. They sent me a letter to say they would close the account last month and send me a cheque for the balance. Unfortunately for myself and my staff they have not kept to their word. I know this is a pointless post but just wanted to say they are certainly not all sweetness and light as they are trying to make out
Even when you do speak to someone it's like having a conversation in a wind tunnel. I've never heard such terrible quality on a phone line, even the hold music breaks up 😩
When are you going to bring back Normal customer service???covid-19 dose not melt ears and hands off... getting through on the phone is a nightmare. Im in America at the moment working and its been hell trying to get help!
How about answering your phones so I can get my on line banking back your fraud team need to answer more calls
Every time I’ve talked to someone and reached an agreement, or thought I had, the reality has turned out to be something different.  How many times is that now, 4?  5?  You are taking incompetence and unreliability to a whole new level.  I’m just lost to know what the hell to do next.
This makes no difference, I’ve been on hold for 26 hours and counting. You send me letters that tell me to “call urgently” and don’t pick up. 
4.5 HOURS I spent on hold yesterday. How do I speak to a human?!
HSBC terrible service. No one answering no email to leave a message. Just no concern for customers but will no doubt chase as soon as I fail to make a payment. All i want is a mortgage settlement figure. The sooner I get it the sooner I can leave. Just awful
Hi HSBC when you apply online for a mortgage holiday extension do you receive some sort of email confirming receipt of your application? I’m only asking as I’ve received nothing and wanted to make sure that my application has been received.
No chance of ever speaking to a human being
"Hsbc how does a medium size company in South West Wales get any help from yourselves?

We haven't a relationship manager in our area, so an email once in a blue moon is all i have to look forward to!

Frankly majority of the UK can cope with the stress of the unknown due to covid however the stress from lack of communication from hsbc is something I never thought businesses would have to endure! 

The government set out help from banks backed by themselves but it seems your not keeping your end of the deal! 

Extremely dissatisfied with this bank!!!"
Worst bank ever
"Call in the evening is the suggestion but of
Course they go home at 6pm. Worst service I have ever received from anyone. "
Please open Saturdays soon
very bad service, decisive information, vague instruction, customer satisfaction doesnt exist. very disappointed. never ever saw a bank who gives fake promises and never adhere to what they say in their communications 
Paul Fairclough Barbara Gould Natalie Nicole Skyla Birch
HSBC - My phone app has recently stopped working and I cannot log in on line as when I try to log in I get a message stating that my digital secure key activation is incomplete and that I need to complete activation using my phone app 🙄 What is going on, I need to access my accounts!
This bank is getting worse you's keep blaming covid19 for someone to answer your phones been like this before covid19 then you say to use online banking thats rubbish too you get locked out all the time
HSBC has frozen my business account. They sent me a letter to say they would close the account last month and send me a cheque for the balance. Unfortunately for myself and my staff they have not kept to their word. I know this is a pointless post but just wanted to say they are certainly not all sweetness and light as they are trying to make out
Reading these comments doesn’t make me feel quite so bad that I only waited 30 minutes on hold before getting cut off. HSBC, I’m sure you are experiencing high call volumes but why send out an email asking someone to call when you have their mobile phone number on record and it would be easier for you to call them? My mortgage payment got reversed last month due to insufficient funds and I’d spoken to an HSBC adviser, shortly afterwards, who arranged with me to take the payment on the 3rd of this month, 7 days before the next mortgage direct debit goes out. Guess what, it never happened so I suppose it’s my fault and that’s why they want me to get in touch with them. HSBC, if you actually get to read this, you can call or email me but I’m not listening to a message that sounds like a war time speech and then echo chamber music for another 30 minutes to get cut off again. I tried for 20 minutes this morning and 30 minutes just now but that’s it! Find a good alternative way of contacting me about this issue and I’ll be more than happy to discuss it with a real person. Have a nice day 🙂
They’re not fit for purpose. Get rid of them
Well done Neil, you’ve done brilliantly.  Raising so much for Children In Need, awesome 👏 xx
Absolutely Amazing Neil. Fantastic achievement. Helping so many. You are truly inspirational and very good & lovely human being 👏👏👏
Amazing Neil, well done 🙌🙌🙌 x
Amazing Neil. Well done 👍
Well done Neil fantastic effort 👏👏
Well done Neil!! Awesome challenge and so many children helped 😀
Aah I recognise that lovely face.well done Neil and hope you are well
Amazing effort and will make such a difference to so many lives 👏
Amazing! 👍 xx
Amazing effort Neil 👏👏
Amazing well done 👏
Well done Neil great effort 👏
Well done Neil.
Bravo
Shame that HSBCs customer service for its business customers is contemptible. As a business customer I am sick to the back teeth of being made to queue on the phone for hours to sort HSBC ISSUES and forced to speak to people who don’t have English as their first languages, making the whole experience even more painful. You should be ashamed  of yourselves 
I would love to donate again this year to Children in Need. Unfortunately though HSBC has frozen my business account. They sent me a letter to say they would close the account last month and send me a cheque for the balance. Unfortunately for myself and my staff they have not kept to their word. I know this is a pointless post but just wanted to say they are certainly not all sweetness and light as they are trying to make out
That’s a great job 💐 done by HSBC, hope other local banks can come forward like this and help the nation. 
They are supporting Poppy week/BLM/children in Need to make themselves look credible.Look into their human rights record.....
Can't answer the phone to customers though 😕
42 days since applying for a business account with zero progression ... madness HSBC ! What is going on ?? Told now the wait time is not known ... terrible
"This company gave me the WRONG information Sunday 1st November. Consequently I have this week spent a total of 6 hours and 10 minutes in phone calls with Barclaycard over a 4 day perios who have also confirmed the information given by HSBC was inaccurate. Subsequently I have once again this afternoon phoned HSBC only to be CUT OFF for the second time after forty minutes. 

This has now left me with no other option than to contact:
1: The financial ombudsman 
2. BBC Watchdog
3: A researcher I know personally who works for a well known TV show that exposes and brings to public attention situations like this.

It's absolutely astounding that all I wanted to do was make a simple balance transfer! 

If you are going to employ cheap monkeys to operate a business, you can expect to turn into a zoo, which judging by the reviews here, you've succeeded. 

Absolutely appalling service.
"
Great Bank
Great
HSBC has frozen my business account. They sent me a letter to say they would close the account last month and send me a cheque for the balance. Unfortunately for myself and my staff they have not kept to their word. I know this is a pointless post but just wanted to say they are certainly not all sweetness and light as they are trying to make out
It's great that you're training customer-facing colleagues. Maybe this means that there will BE some customer-facing colleagues. For now it doesn't seem to be the case. 4 hours on the phone with your 'customer service' and no one picked up. My card dispute is 5 months old now, soon I'll give it a name and celebrate its first birthday. Can't wait to leave HSBC!
HSBC currently due to lockdown to wait and reach the operators from abroad is expensive. So, it would be beneficial if we can arrange a direct call with the operator and then catch up. Otherwise to wait 15-20 minutes is impossible by international calls.
Had enough of hsbc (not even worth caps lock!) You are not helpful in the slightest!
I filled in the online travel dispute form on 13th September but haven’t heard anything since, can you advise how long it takes to process these as I would just like some reassurance it’s actually gone through 
Waiting for our redemption statement for over a week now. Us and our solicitors have spent hours on the phone every day. We are due to move tomorrow and this will now fall through! Disgusting service!
"This company gave me the WRONG information Sunday 1st November. Consequently I have this week spent a total of 6 hours and 10 minutes in phone calls with Barclaycard over a 4 day perios who have also confirmed the information given by HSBC was inaccurate. Subsequently I have once again this afternoon phoned HSBC only to be CUT OFF for the second time after forty minutes. 

This has now left me with no other option than to contact:
1: The financial ombudsman 
2. BBC Watchdog
3: A researcher I know personally who works for a well known TV show that exposes and brings to public attention situations like this.

It's absolutely astounding that all I wanted to do was make a simple balance transfer! 

If you are going to employ cheap monkeys to operate a business, you can expect to turn into a zoo, which judging by the reviews here, you've succeeded. 

Absolutely appalling service.
"
HSBC is a joke been trying to get through for 4 months yes 4 MONTHS on hold again tonight for an hour far too stressful been banking with you for 30 years you are a disgrace if you opened for more than 4 hours  day I would withdraw all money and close my account
Most ridiculous system! Hubby been trying for over two hours to get through to fraud
Disabilities as well now is it? marketing dept must be ticking all the boxes....
"NHS Doctor new to UK was refused basic bank account by HSBC after 1 month time, 

I mean this bank is disgrace. 
"
Jenny Ranger 🌻🌻🌻
I wish to complain that there should be a method that works to communicate with HSBC. If one method does not work then another should be available even if it takes a while to reply. At the moment it seems no method is available for me to communicate after logging on which is not good enough. Also the chatline should answer the questions I actually ask. If not, then they need education in English!
"Hi just to let you know that I have had a message saying that HSBC secrity alert - a transfer to a new payee has been detected.  if you didnt authorise this cancel  from 07310 908711
I havent clicked it to it I have reported it as spam and blocked it."

